Discard DataStorm session creation replies from superseded attempts (#6287)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/datastorm/6282.md

- Fixed a session reconnect failure that could re-deliver a writer's retained samples. A late reply from a superseded
  session creation attempt was charged against the attempt in progress, so a burst of them could exhaust the reconnect
  retry budget in milliseconds and destroy a session that was reconnecting normally. The replacement session resumed

>   from the start of the writer's history, and the reader received samples it had already consumed.

Reviewer: The entry leads with the mechanism ("superseded session creation attempt", "retry budget"). Let's lead with what a DataStorm user observes and compress the cause:
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where a DataStorm reader could receive samples it had already consumed. When a session reconnected
  to its peer — typically through a DataStorm node — stale replies from an earlier connection attempt could
  exhaust the session's reconnect retries and destroy it; the replacement session then received the writer's
  retained samples from the beginning.
```

Author: 🤖 **Claude:** Done in d92055537f — applied as suggested.
